When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
 1. for back up 2. for collaboration with others

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
 1. If I made changes while changes were made in the remote repository, there is an issue of conflict as in git merge. 
    Resolving the issue requires manual pulling.
 2. As in git local operation, logical operations are done manually for flexibility.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

  1. forks: clone a GitHub repository into my GitHub repository
  2. clone: copy the repository into a local directory, which can again be cloned into another working directory.
  3. branches: different sequences of developments or files alternative to the "master" main branch

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
  1.It works as a refernce commit from which local changes and remote changes can be tracked.
  2.As a result, it allows for merging both changes maded remotely and locally. Without this "origin/master" state,it will 
    be very difficult to tell what changes are made where.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
  1. I have to directly send the file that contains changes for comparison. The changes must be checked, and when there is 
     a conflict, another direct communication is needed.
  2. That kind of collaboration will work only locally. As a result, some simple errors can be fixed rather quickly.
  3. However, the collaboration will not work if changes are rather significant and collaboration must be managed among 
     many participants.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
  1. when I want to explore some options that are not as solid as those in the master branch
  2. This causes some complexitites in keeping and merging. However, as a result, only solid changes can be made to the
     master branch while new solutions or alternatives can be explored in a branch without causing any trouble in the 
     mainstream.
